Chicago, Ill. (March 2, 2022) –  The Chicago Red Stars have made the following updates to their roster ahead of the 2022 National Women’s Soccer League (NWSL) Challenge Cup. 

 

The Red Stars’ roster now sits at 33 players, with two players on loan, nine NWSL College Draft picks from 2021 and 2022 and three non-roster invitees.     

 

This offseason the club prioritized keeping the core roster together. A core that helped lead the team to the 2021 NWSL Championship match, the 2020 Challenge Cup Championship match and the 2019 NWSL Championship match. Rejoining the club this offseason was forward Yuki Nagasato, who spent last season with Racing Louisville FC, and who also was part of the team during the 2019 and 2020 playoff runs.  

 

Joining the players is the Red Stars’ new Head Coach, Chris Petrucelli. Petrucelli joins the club from Southern Methodist University (SMU). The New Jersey native spent nine years at SMU and achieved a 427-182-54 record in his 31 years as a college coach. Since 2013 Petrucelli has served as a scout and training center coach for the United States Soccer Federation (USSF). 


The Red Stars begin 2022 competition Sunday, March 20, against the Houston Dash in the opening game of the 2022 NWSL Challenge Cup. Kickoff from PNC Stadium is scheduled for 6:00 p.m. CT.  

 

Chicago Red Stars 2022 Preseason Roster 
 

GOALKEEPERS (3): Emily Boyd, Alyssa Naeher, Bridgette Skiba (NRI) 

 

DEFENDERS (12): Brianna Alger, Tierna Davidson, Jayda Hylton-Pelaia (CDP), Amanda Kowalski (NRI), Casey Krueger (ML), Mikenna McManus (NRI), Tatumn Milazzo, Zoe Morse, Kayla Sharples (LOAN), Bianca St. Georges, Haley VanFossen, Arin Wright 

 

MIDFIELDERS (7): Danielle Colaprico, Vanessa DiBernardo, Samantha Fisher (CDP), Morgan Gautrat, Regan Steigleder (NRI), Ella Stevens, Sarah Woldmoe (ML) 

 

FORWARDS (11): Jill Aguilera, Ava Cook (CDP), Channing Foster, Sarah Griffith (CDP), Madison Haley (NYR), Rachel Hill, Sarah Luebbert (LOAN), Alyssa Mautz, Yuki Nagasato, Mallory Pugh, Kealia Watt (NYR) 

 

Key:  

CDP – 2022 NWSL Draft Pick 

ML – Maternity leave

NRI – Non-Roster Invitee  

NYR – Not Yet Reported  

LOAN – Player on loan 

The Houston Dash have announced their roster decisions following the 2022 NWSL regular season, the team announced today.

The Dash exercised the contract options for GK Ella Dederick and MF Marisa Viggiano. The Dash exercised the option to purchase the contract and make forward Paulina Gramaglia's transfer permanent, who was on loan from Argentinian club UAI Urquiza.

The contract option for FW Valerie Gauvin was not exercised. Midfielder Elizabeth Eddy and Cali Farquharson are free agents.

Forwards Michelle Alozie and Michaela Abam; midfielders Makamae Gomera-Stevens, Kelcie Hedge, Emily Ogle; and defenders Ally Prisock, Annika Schmidt and Natalie Jacobs are out of contract. Goalkeeper Lindsey Harris and midfielders Tierrny Wiltshire and Bri Visalli are out of contract and will not return in 2023. The team is currently in talks with select players about returning for the 2023 season.

The team has an additional 12 players under contract for the 2023 season.

“Each player on this roster played a key role in the club's most successful season to date,” general manager Alex Singer said. “I want to commend and thank each of the players for their contributions, and we wish those that won't continue with us good luck with their next opportunities. Looking forward, the goal is to retain our core and continue our momentum, building into 2023.”

Houston enters the offseason with the following players under contract: forward Joelle Anderson, defender Julia Ashley, goalkeeper Jane Campbell, defender Allysha Chapman, defender Caprice Dydasco, forward Ryan Gareis, midfielder Shea Groom, defender Katie Naughton, forward Nichelle Prince, midfielder Sophie Schmidt, forward Ebony Salmon and forward Maria Sanchez.

The current Houston Dash roster can be found listed below in alphabetical order and by position:

Goalkeepers (2): Jane Campbell, Ella Dederick

Defenders (4): Julia Ashley, Allysha Chapman, Caprice Dydasco, Katie Naughton

Midfielders (3): Shea Groom, Sophie Schmidt, Marisa Viggiano

Forwards (6): Joelle Anderson, Ryan Gareis, Paulina Gramaglia, Nichelle Prince, Ebony Salmon, Maria Sanchez

The Kansas City Current have updated the status of the club’s roster as the team prepares for the 2023 season. With 15 players already under contract at least through next season, the team has picked up 2023 options on three players and extended new offers to two more.

Players whose options were exercised were defenders Addisyn Merrick, Izzy Rodriguez, Jenna Winebrenner.

Midfielder Addie McCain and defender Kate Del Fava are all out of contract but have received new offers from the club. The three players do not qualify for Free Agent status under the new Collective Bargaining Agreement (CBA) between the NWSL and the NWSLPA. Defender Taylor Leach is also out of contract.

Defender Kristen Edmonds and midfielder Desiree Scott are Free Agents under the new CBA and the team hopes to bring both players back to Kansas City for 2023.  

Forward Jaycie Johnson and goalkeeper Sydney Schneider have been waived and are free to sign with another team.

The Current now have 18 players under contract heading into the 2023 season.

Kansas City Current Roster:
Goalkeepers (2): AD Franch, Cassie Miller
Defenders (7): Elizabeth Ball, Alex Loera, Hailie Mace, Addisyn Merrick, Izzy Rodriguez, Mallory Weber, Jenna Winebrenner
Midfielders (5): Chardonnay Curran, Lo’eau LaBonta, Claire Lavogez, Chloe Logarzo, Sam Mewis
Forwards (4): Elyse Bennett, Kristen Hamilton, Cece Kizer, Lynn Williams

Nothing says officially the off-season like the first roster decisions of the upcoming new season. Today, Angel City FC announced their roster moves as they look ahead to the 2023 season. Despite all the injuries, and tough losses, Angel City were knocking on the door of the playoffs right up until the very end of the season. Now, the club look to take the next step as they continue to build their roster for the future.

The official roster, for now, for your 2023 Angel City FC stands as such: goalkeepers DiDi Haračić, Brittany Isenhour; defenders Sarah Gorden, Madison Hammond, Paige Nielsen, Megan Reid, Ali Riley, Jasmyne Spencer, Allyson Swaby, M.A. Vignola; midfielders Clarisse Le Bihan (INTL-FRA), Savannah McCaskill, Lily Nabet, Cari Roccaro, Dani Weatherholt; and forwards Simone Charley, Claire Emslie, Jun Endo (INTL-JPN), Sydney Leroux, Tyler Lussi, Christen Press.

The team also announced a group of players who would not be returning for the 2023 campaign, with a fan favorite amongst the list: Midfielders Hope Breslin, Katie Cousins, Stefany Ferrer Van Ginkel, Miri Taylor, and Goalkeepers Maia Pérez & Almuth Schult will not return to Angel City FC in 2023. It should be noted that goalkeeper Maia Pérez has announced her retirement from the sport of soccer, which is why she will not be returning for next season.

The team also noted that defender Vanessa Gilles, currently on loan with OL Lyon, still plans to return to the club once her loan spell is complete. After a season where the team committed to not trading or releasing players, it's time for Angel City to dive into the business side of sports should they want to achieve their lofty goals of competing for championships, plural. While the core of the squad appears to remain intact, we are looking at a very busy off-season for ACFC as they undoubtedly now work on bringing in some fresh talent.

Racing Louisville FC announced multiple roster moves ahead of the NWSL’s end-of-season waiver wire and free agency periods that commence this week.

The club exercised contract options to retain goalkeepers Hillary Beall and Jordyn Bloomer; midfielders Alex Chidiac and Taylor Malham; and forwards Emina Ekic and Parker Goins. They’ll join a core of Racing players with continuing contracts and report for 2023 preseason training camp.

English defender and captain Gemma Bonner and Racing agreed to decline the team option in Bonner’s contract so she can play closer to her home and family. Fellow defender Nealy Martin is now out of contract and will not return, while forward Cheyna Matthews, who did not play this season, is a free agent.

“We had the youngest squad in the league last year, and I’m happy that 21 of the players will be back again for the 2023 season,” said Racing coach Kim Björkegren. “I’m sure that after the previous year together, we have learned a lot and are now ready to take the next step. That was something we saw at the end of the season when we had great team spirit and finished with some good results.

“Gemma has been our captain and played a lot for us. Her leadership and great personality will be missed, but she will now move back to Europe and be closer to her family, which I know is important for her. I wish her all the best, and she will always be remembered fondly for her time in Louisville.

“Nealy has been an important player and person for Racing. She is always hard working and always does the best for the team, and those are big reasons why she is so popular in the squad. We will miss Nealy, and we will follow her in the future.”

With no expansion draft this year, the next key parts of the NWSL offseason include the waiver wire window and the new-this-year free agency period. There is a brief transaction moratorium from Dec. 22-Jan. 4, and the annual NWSL Draft is set for Jan. 12, 2023.

Racing currently possesses the fourth overall pick in the NWSL Draft, plus two picks in the second and third rounds and one in the fourth.

The ninth-place Louisville club finished the 2022 season in fine form, winning three of its final four matches, including a 1-0 thriller over the eventual NWSL runner-up Kansas City Current in the finale. 

Racing Louisville FC’s 2023 roster:

Goalkeepers: Hillary Beall*, Jordyn Bloomer*, Kelsey Daugherty, Katie Lund  

Defenders: Emily Fox, Rebecca Holloway, Julia Lester, Satara Murray, Zaneta Wyne

Midfielders: Alex Chidiac^, Savannah DeMelo, Jaelin Howell, Taylor Malham, Lauren Milliet, Wang Shuang

Forwards: Kirsten Davis, Emina Ekic^, Parker Goins, Thembi Kgatlana, Jessica McDonald%, Nadia Nadim

* Hillary Beall (Western United) and Jordyn Bloomer (Western Sydney Wanderers) are on loan in Australia until April.

^ Alex Chidiac (Melbourne Victory) and Emina Ekic (Melbourne City) are on loan in Australia until mid-February 2023.

% Jessica McDonald (Western United) is on loan in Australia until late January 2023.

CARY, N.C. (Nov. 15, 2022) – The North Carolina Courage today announce the current roster for the 2023 season ahead of NWSL free agency, which begins today, and the upcoming NWSL Draft, which will take place on January 12, 2023 as announced by the league office today. 

The Courage have picked up team options on seven players from the 2022 season while not retaining the rights of three members of last season’s roster. In addition, there are several players with whom the team is in ongoing negotiations after expiring contracts. 

Players whose options were exercised include goalkeeper Marissa Bova, defender Kaleigh Kurtz, midfielders Tess Boade, Emily Gray, Fuka Nagano and Frankie Tagliaferri and forward Diana Ordòñez.

The Courage have chosen not to exercise an option on defender Jaelene Daniels, while agreeing to mutual contract termination with forward Rylee Baisden and defender Katie Bowen. 

Goalkeepers Casey Murphy and Katelyn Rowland, defender Ryan Williams, midfielders Debinha, Brianna Pinto and Meredith Speck and forward Brittany Ratcliffe are currently out of contract with the club, but negotiations are ongoing. The Courage currently retain the NWSL rights to Murphy, Pinto and Williams while Debinha, Ratcliffe, Rowland and Speck are NWSL free agents.

North Carolina Courage Roster (16 players):

Goalkeepers (1): Marissa Bova

Defenders (6): Malia Berkely, Abby Erceg, Kaleigh Kurtz, Carson Pickett, Kiki Pickett, Merritt Mathias

Midfielders (6): Tess Boade*, Millie Farrow, Emily Gray, Fuka Nagano, Denise O’Sullivan, Frankie Tagliaferri

Forwards (3): Rikki Madsen, Kerolin Nicoli,Diana Ordòñez

*On loan to Western Sydney Wanderers of Australian A-League until February 2023

HARRISON, NJ: NJ/NY Gotham FC announced today that Domi Richardson, Nicole Baxter, Jennifer Cudjoe, and Kumi Yokoyama will not be returning in 2023. The club would like to thank the players for their dedication to the team and wish them all the best in the next step on their soccer journeys. 

Richardson signed with Sky Blue FC in 2016. She scored two goals and played in 56 matches, totaling 3,327 minutes of playing time. Baxter signed with the club in 2019 as a National Team Replacement Player  before earning a Senior Roster contract. She appeared in 16 matches for Gotham FC.  

Cudjoe came onto the club's radar through open tryouts and signed a short-term contract for the 2020 NWSL Challenge Cup. She was then signed to a multi-year contract, during which she featured in 36 matches and played 2,204 minutes. Yokoyama was acquired by Gotham FC from the Washington Spirit prior to the 2022 season. They appeared in 13 matches and had a total of 355 minutes of playing time. 

 “Domi, Nicole, Jennifer and Kumi are fan favorites and outstanding players who made significant contributions to Gotham FC on the pitch and in our community,” said Gotham FC GM and Head of Soccer Operations, Yael Averbuch. “All of us at Gotham FC are deeply appreciative to them for everything they did for our club.” 

From Wikipedia on October 14, 2022 for Gotham FC:

Current squad
As of October 14, 2022.[96]
No.	Pos.	Player	Nation
1	GK	Michelle Betos	 United States
2	FW	Cameron Tucker	 United States
3	DF	Bruninha	 Brazil
4	FW	Paige Monaghan	 United States
7	MF	McCall Zerboni (captain)	 United States
8	MF	Taryn Torres	 United States
9	FW	Nahomi Kawasumi	 Japan
11	DF	Ali Krieger	 United States
14	MF	Delanie Sheehan	 United States
15	DF	Sabrina Flores	 Mexico
16	MF	Allie Long	 United States
18	GK	Ashlyn Harris	 United States
19	MF	Kristie Mewis	 United States
20	FW	Taylor Smith	 United States
21	DF	Ellie Jean	 United States
22	DF	Mandy Freeman	 United States
23	FW	Margaret Purce	 United States
24	DF	Estelle Johnson	 Cameroon
25	FW	Ifeoma Onumonu	 Nigeria
27	DF	Kelly Ann Livingstone	 United States
28	DF	Imani Dorsey	 United States
44	FW	Jenna Bike	 United States
99	MF	Victoria Pickett	 Canada


 ORLANDO, Fla (Nov. 15, 2022) — Following the conclusion of the 2022 National Women’s Soccer League season, the Orlando Pride have announced roster statuses for its complete roster. The Pride enter their first offseason under newly-announced Head Coach Seb Hines, who was promoted to the position last week after five years on the team’s assistant coaching staff.

Orlando currently has 12 players under contract in forwards Haley Bugeja, Darian Jenkins, Leah Pruitt and Ally Watt; midfielder Mikayla Cluff; defenders Kerry Abello, Caitlin Cosme, Haley Hanson and Megan Montefusco; as well as goalkeepers Kaylie Collins, Erin McLeod and Anna Moorhouse. 

The Club has mutually exercised the options of three players, forward Julie Doyle, midfielder Gunny Jónsdóttir and defender Kylie Strom. 

New contract offers have been extended to midfielders Jordyn Listro and Viviana Villacorta, as well as defenders Celia, Carrie Lawrence and Courtney Petersen. Midfielders Thais Reiss, Parker Roberts and Chelsee Washington will enter the waiver wire, with Roberts waived while Reiss and Washington are out of contract and have not been offered a new deal. 

The Pride enter the offseason with four players eligible for free agency for the first time in NWSL history in Meggie Dougherty Howard, Toni Pressley, Erika Tymrak and Marta. The Club remains in discussions with all four regarding a potential return in 2023. 

A complete, player-by-player breakdown can be found below.

Orlando Pride Contract Statuses (As of Nov. 15, 2022):
Kerry Abello: Under Contract Through 2023 

Haley Bugeja^: Under Contract Through 2023 

Mikayla Cluff: Under Contract Through 2023 

Kaylie Collins: Under Contract Through 2023 

Caitlin Cosme: Under Contract Through 2023 

Meggie Dougherty Howard*: Out of Contract

Julie Doyle: Option Exercised

Haley Hanson: Under Contract Through 2024

Darian Jenkins: Under Contract Through 2023 

Celia Jiménez Delgado: New Contract Extended

Gunny Jónsdóttir: Option Exercised

Carrie Lawrence: New Contract Extended

Jordyn Listro: New Contract Extended

Erin McLeod: Under Contract Through 2023 

Megan Montefusco: Under Contract Through 2023 with 2024 option

Anna Moorhouse^: Under Contract Through 2023 

Courtney Petersen: New Contract Extended

Toni Pressley*: Out of Contract

Leah Pruitt: Under Contract Through 2023 

Thais Reiss^: Rights Waived

Parker Roberts: Waived

Kylie Strom: Option Exercised

Erika Tymrak*: Out of Contract

Marta Vieira da Silva*: Out of Contract

Viviana Villacorta: New Contract Extended

Chelsee Washington: Rights Waived

Ally Watt: Under Contract Through 2024

*Indicates Free Agent

^Indicates International Player

PORTLAND, Ore. – Portland Thorns FC today announced the status of the club’s roster for the 2023 season. Portland exercised the options on four players for next season, while a total of 15 players on the current roster are under contract entering next year.

The players whose options were exercised for the 2023 season are: Natalie Beckman, Taylor Porter, Gabby Provenzano and Christine Sinclair. The club declined the 2023 contract option on Marissa Everett.

Janine Beckie, Bella Bixby, Sam Coffey, Crystal Dunn, Kelli Hubly, Meghan Klingenberg, Natalia Kuikka, Emily Menges, Olivia Moultrie, Rocky Rodríguez, Yazmeen Ryan, Becky Sauerbrunn, Sophia Smith, Hina Sugita and Morgan Weaver are all under contract for the 2023 season.

Hannah Betfort, Shelby Hogan, Tegan McGrady and Meaghan Nally are all out of contract and contract negotiations are ongoing with these players.

Abby Smith and Michele Vasconcelos are free agents. The club is currently discussing contract options with Vasconcelos. Lindsey Horan remains on loan with Lyon in France through June 2023.

OL Reign today announced a series of roster moves following the conclusion of its 2022 NWSL season.

The club has exercised its options for the 2023 season on midfielder Olivia Athens, goalkeeper Claudia Dickey, goalkeeper Laurel Ivory, and midfielder Olivia Van der Jagt. Additionally, OL Reign is having Ryanne Brown and Alyssa Malonson’s rights retained for 2023, who are both currently on loan in Denmark with FC Nordsjælland in the Danish Women’s League. OL Reign’s contractual talks are ongoing with midfielder Marley Canales.

Two players will not return to OL Reign for the upcoming NWSL season in 2023. The team has elected to waive the rights of defender Sinclaire Miramontez and forward Jodi Ulkekul.

“Sinclaire and Jodi were important contributors to our club this past season, both on the field and off of it, as they helped us secure The Women’s Cup and our third NWSL Shield,” said General Manager Nick Perera. “With their talent and experience, we’re confident they will continue to find ways to excel in this sport and beyond.”

OL Reign Roster by Position

Goalkeepers (3): Claudia Dickey, Laurel Ivory, Phallon Tullis-Joyce

Defenders (7): Ryanne Brown (LOAN), Alana Cook, Sam Hiatt, Sofia Huerta, Jimena López (INT), Alyssa Malonson (LOAN), Phoebe McClernon

Midfielders (6): Angelina, Olivia Athens, Jess Fishlock, Rose Lavelle, Quinn, Olivia Van der Jagt

Forwards (4): Bethany Balcer, Jordyn Huitema (INT), Tziarra King, Veronica Latsko

The following players are available for free agency: defender Lauren Barnes, forward Tobin Heath, forward Megan Rapinoe, and midfielder Nikki Stanton.

INT – International Slot

LOAN – Players on Loan

SAN DIEGO, Calif. (Nov. 15, 2022) – San Diego Wave Fútbol Club has announced its initial roster decisions ahead of the 2023 National Women’s Soccer League season.

New contracts have been extended to defenders Kaleigh Riehl and Madison Pogarch.

Contract options will be exercised for forward Amirah Ali, midfielder Belle Briede, and defender Mia Gyau running through 2023.

The club is mutually exercising a contract option with forward Makenzy Doniak, who is a free agent. Forward Jodie Taylor also enters the end-of-season process as a free agent.

Forward Jackie Altschuld, defender Taylor Hansen, forward Katie Johnson, goalkeeper Melissa Lowder and midfielder Sydney Pulver are all out of contract and will not be returning in 2023. The club has chosen not to exercise contract options for defender Kayla Bruster and midfielder Marleen Schimmer. San Diego Wave FC thanks these players for their time and commitment to the club and wishes them the best in their future endeavors.

“I would like to thank Katie, Melissa, Taylor, Kayla, Jackie, Marleen and Sydney for their incredible hard work this season and for everything they have done on and off the field that hugely contributed to the team’s success. They will forever be a part of Wave FC’s history.”
Casey Stoney, San Diego Wave FC Head Coach

Wave FC has 15 players currently under contract heading into the 2023 NWSL season:

Goalkeepers: Kailen Sheridan, Carly Telford
Forwards: Amirah Ali, Sofia Jakobsson, Alex Morgan, Jaedyn Shaw
Midfielders: Belle Briede, Taylor Kornieck, Kristen McNabb, Kelsey Turnbow, Emily Van Egmond
Defenders: Abby Dahlkemper, Mia Gyau, Naomi Girma, Christen Westphal

Be there for every moment of Wave FC’s 2023 campaign with Season Tickets and make your deposit today. Season Ticket members enjoy a one-of-a-kind game day experience at the new Snapdragon Stadium with an array of benefits like exclusive events, gifts, discounts and more. Supporters should stay tuned on club social media and at sandiegowavefc.com for additional player updates and information on the upcoming season.

About San Diego Wave Fútbol Club

San Diego Wave Fútbol Club is the 12th and newest member of the National Women’s Soccer League (NWSL). The club’s vision is to be a force for good through the game of football and is led by President Jill Ellis, former head coach of the US Women’s National Team (USWNT) and two-time World Cup champion. Together with Head Coach Casey Stoney, the club is bringing the highest level of world-class, professional soccer to San Diego. USWNT standouts Alex Morgan and Abby Dahlkemper were two of the first players signed to the club, which consists of athletes representing five international soccer federations, including the US, Canada, Sweden, England and Australia. The new Snapdragon stadium serves as Wave FC’s permanent home, where San Diego broke the record for both the NWSL Playoff attendance record and the NWSL regular-season record, with 26,215 and 32,000 fans. Wave FC also made history in 2022 as the first expansion team to make the playoffs before advancing to the NWSL Semi-Final. As the team looks towards next season, supporters can make season ticket deposits for Wave FC’s 2023 season now. Learn more about the club and players at www.SanDiegoWaveFC.com.

Washington Spirit Announces Offseason Roster Moves
November 15, 2022
Club exercises 2023 team options for seven, extends new contract offers to three.

Washington, D.C. (11/15/2022) – The Washington Spirit has made several roster moves this offseason in preparation for its upcoming 11th season in 2023, the club announced today.

The Spirit has exercised 2023 team options for defender Sam Staab, midfielders Jordan Baggett, Dorian Bailey, Bayley Feist and Anna Heilferty and forwards Maddie Elwell and Tara McKeown.

Washington has also extended new contract offers to defenders Camryn Biegalski and Julia Roddar and midfielder Marissa Sheva as their current contracts expire on December 31.

The Spirit has four players who are part of the NWSL’s first-ever free agent class: goalkeeper Nicole Barnhart, defender Amber Brooks, midfielder Tori Huster and defender Kelley O’Hara. These players were able to begin negotiations for their 2023 Standard Player Agreements on Friday, August 26, 2022. Agreements for all NWSL free agents will be announced when the terms are finalized through the league office.

The club would like to express its gratitude to midfielder Taylor Aylmer, forward Averie Collins, goalkeeper Devon Kerr and defender Karina Rodriguez for everything they brought to the Spirit over the past several seasons. In their tenure, these five players all played key roles in bringing the District its first NWSL championship in 2021.

Additionally, the Spirit thanks forward Audrey Harding, defender Alia Martin and midfielder Gaby Vincent for their contributions to the 2022 team after joining the side last offseason.

Aylmer and Martin will not be returning to the Spirit next season as the club declined the 2023 team options on their contracts, releasing the players’ rights to be distributed through the waiver wire. Should their rights not be picked up through the waiver wire, they will become eligible for the discovery process. Aylmer joined the Spirit as a national team replacement in July 2021 before signing a full contract with the team the following month. Aylmer appeared in 32 total matches with the Spirit and totaled over 1,500 minutes of playing time. Martin signed with the Spirit in December 2021 after completing her senior season at Michigan but did not appear for the club in 2022.

“We’re certainly going to miss having Taylor and Alia with the club,” said Spirit club president Mark Krikorian. “Both players are a great addition to any organization and we look forward to seeing their continued successes.”

The contracts of Collins, Harding, Kerr, Rodriguez and Vincent will not be renewed upon their expiration at the year’s end, making each player eligible for discovery. Collins was drafted by the Spirit with the 17th overall pick in the 2020 NWSL Draft and appeared in seven matches with the club. Harding was drafted by the Spirit with the 38th overall pick in the 2022 draft and tallied one assist in ten total appearances. After spending 2019 with Houston, Kerr signed with the Spirit in March 2020 and maintained a 0.86 goals against average across 315 minutes played. Rodriguez joined the Spirit in June 2021 and appeared in 16 total matches for the club. Vincent came to the Spirit via a trade with Kansas City in December 2021 and appeared in three matches in 2022.

“Each of these players stepped up and played an important role with the Spirit in 2022 and I want to commend them for that,” said Krikorian. “Devon filled in at goalkeeper during this summer’s international window and played exceptionally, Karina and Audrey played great during the team’s struggles with injuries, Averie returned from a tough injury this year and Gaby was a phenomenal contributor both on and off the field. All five of these players have bright futures ahead of them.”

There are currently 13 players under contract with the Spirit:

Goalkeepers (1): Aubrey Kingsbury

Defenders (2): Emily Sonnett; Sam Staab

Midfielders (6): Jordan Baggett; Dorian Bailey; Bayley Feist; Anna Heilferty; Ashley Sanchez; Andi Sullivan

Forwards (4): Maddie Elwell; Ashley Hatch; Tara McKeown; Trinity Rodman